In this assignment, we are practicing on some aspects of "account management".
We need to write a shell script called "acct_mgr" to create account for user(s).

This script creates user accounts. The login-ids of the users are provided in
a separate data file and/or command line. For this assignment, I have provided a file
called users.lst .
Your script will create accounts for all of the users in this file.

To avoid any collision, you need to prefix the accounts with your initial.
For example, if somebody's initial is "jc", then all of the accounts should begin
with "jc". Something like:  jceagle, jcswan, jchawk, and so forth.

To create accounts, you need to do:
Our script should accept the following options:

-c    To create account(s)
-f    The file name containing login-ids
-p    to provide the initial password for the users
-h    help menu

examples:
To create accounts for those users in the users.lst file we do:
acct_mgr  -c  -f users.lst

To create accounts for those users in the command line we do:
acct_mgr -c  good bad short long
The initial password for the accounts is "changeme"

To create accounts for those users in the users.lst and in the command line we do:
acct_mgr  -c  -f users.lst -p "zoro2434" good bad short long
The initial password for the accounts is "zoro2434"

To display the help menu we do:
acct_mgr -h

When you create users accounts, the acct_mgr needs to display the login-ids of
the newly created users, and their initial passwords on the screen. 

You need to use the copper server. In this server, all of the students are granted
sudo privilege to create accounts. You can also use your own Unix/Linux computer.

I have created an account for you to let you become a privileged user.  
the login-id and password is "student", If you login to this account, then you can
use the commands such as /usr/sbin/useradd, /user/sbin/userdel and so forth.
Please make sure to use "sudo" in front of your command. For example:

sudo  /user/sbin/adduser  whatever......


Please be very careful when you are testing your script in this account. One mistake
might cause some catastrophic situation in the copper server. 

Your script should also create the initial password for the newly created accounts.
The initial password by default is "changeme", but the -p option can change this
initial password. For example:

acct_mgr -c -f users.lst -p orchid23

Attention: When you run your script, there will be no interaction between you and 
the script. You script WILL NOT ASK YOU TO PROVIDE PASSWORD. 
The "passwd" is an interactive command. How can we force "passwd" to run in the
non-interactive mode?
You need to do the following:

sudo echo "changeme" | passwd jcswan --stdin
where "changeme" is the password and "jcswan"  is the login-id of the newly created
user.
You can also do the following:
sudo echo "jcswan:changeme" | chpasswd
